# Main Info

- Meena Velmurugan

# Meena Velmurugan

- (She/Her)
- 2nd degree connection2nd
- 2nd degree connection
- 2nd
- Dr. MGR-Janaki College Of Arts And Science For Women
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
- Contact info
- 165connections
- 165
- Devipriya Mohanraj,Ajith I, and 6 other mutual connectionsDevipriya Mohanraj,Ajith I, and 6 other mutual connections
- Devipriya Mohanraj,Ajith I, and 6 other mutual connections
- Connect
- Message
- More
- Send profile in a message
- Save to PDF
- Follow
- Report / Block
- About this profile

# Open to work

- Frontend Developer, Python Developer, React Developer and Javascript Developer roles
- Show details

# HighlightsHighlights

- Highlights

# AboutAbout

- About
- "Entry-level Python FullStack Developer with React JS seeking opportunities to apply knowledge in building dynamic web applications. Proficient in Python, Django, and Flask for backend development and React JS for front-end design. Eager to learn and contribute to innovative projects while honing skills in full-stack development."

# ActivityActivity

- Activity
- 167 followers167 followers
- 167 followers
- Posts
- Comments
- Meena Velmuruganposted this • 2mo2mo
- Meena Velmuruganposted this • 2mo
- 2mo
- I’m happy to share that I’ve obtained a new certification: Python FullStack Developer with React JS from FITA Academy!
- I’m happy to share that I’ve obtained a new certification: Python FullStack Developer with React JS fromFITA Academy!
- FITA Academy
- 3
- Show all posts

# ExperienceExperience

- Experience
- E-Commerce Website
- ShopawayShopaway
- Shopaway
- Jan 2024 - Mar 2024 · 3 mosJan 2024 to Mar 2024 · 3 mos
- Jan 2024 - Mar 2024 · 3 mos
- Jan 2024 to Mar 2024 · 3 mos
- Developed an e-commerce website named "ShopAway" using React.js in Visual Studio Code. Utilized the Bootstrap framework for responsive design and layout. Integrated Axios to fetch data from a mock API and display it on the website. Implemented React Router DOM for smooth navigation between different pages. Used Toast functions for user notifications and feedback. Leveraged useState and useEffect hooks for managing state and side effects. Employed useHistory for navigation, useContext for state management across components, and created modal header and footer components. Designed the website to provide a user-friendly online shopping experience with a focus on usability and interactivity.
- Java Programming (virtual Internship)
- Oasis InfobyteOasis Infobyte
- Oasis Infobyte
- Oct 2022 - Nov 2022 · 2 mosOct 2022 to Nov 2022 · 2 mos
- Oct 2022 - Nov 2022 · 2 mos
- Oct 2022 to Nov 2022 · 2 mos

# EducationEducation

- Education
- Dr. MGR-Janaki College Of Arts And Science For Women
- Bachelor's of computer science , Computer ScienceBachelor's of computer science , Computer Science
- Bachelor's of computer science , Computer Science
- Jul 2020 - Jun 2023Jul 2020 - Jun 2023
- Jul 2020 - Jun 2023

# Licenses & certificationsLicenses & certifications

- Licenses & certifications
- Python FullStack Developer with React JS
- FITA AcademyFITA Academy
- FITA Academy
- Issued Jun 2024Issued Jun 2024
- Issued Jun 2024
- Meena_Certificate.jpg
- 🎓 Python FullStack Developer with Reactjs Certificate 🎓Hello LinkedIn community! I am thrilled to announce that I have successfully completed the Python FullStack Developer with Reactjs certification. This comprehensive program has equipped me with a deep understanding of both front-end and back-end development using Python and Reactjs.
- 🎓 Python FullStack Developer with Reactjs Certificate 🎓
Hello LinkedIn community! I am thrilled to announce that I have successfully completed the Python FullStack Developer with Reactjs certification. This comprehensive program has equipped me with a deep understanding of both front-end and back-end development using Python and Reactjs.

# SkillsSkills

- Skills
- Usability
- iModules
- Show all 21 skills

# InterestsInterests

- Interests
- Companies
- Groups
- Newsletters
- Tata Consultancy Services
- 15,946,786 followers15,946,786 followers
- 15,946,786 followers
- Following
- Cognizant
- 7,603,455 followers7,603,455 followers
- 7,603,455 followers
- Show all companies
- Front End Developer Group
- 408,358 members408,358 members
- 408,358 members
- Join
- The Zoho Bulletin
- Our monthly newsletter where we keep you informed about all things Zoho.Our monthly newsletter where we keep you informed about all things Zoho.
- Our monthly newsletter where we keep you informed about all things Zoho.
- Published monthlyPublished monthly
- Published monthly
- Zoho
- Subscribe

# Contact Info

- https://www.linkedin.com/in/meena-velmurugan-7a167527b/overlay/contact-info/

