# Main Info

- Maheshram Ramakrishnan

# Maheshram Ramakrishnan

- 2nd degree connection2nd
- 2nd degree connection
- 2nd
- University of Madras
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
- Contact info
- 1,072
- 500+connections
- 500+
- Devipriya Mohanraj,SIVA R P, and 13 other mutual connectionsDevipriya Mohanraj,SIVA R P, and 13 other mutual connections
- Devipriya Mohanraj,SIVA R P, and 13 other mutual connections
- Follow
- Message
- More
- Send profile in a message
- Save to PDF
- Connect
- Report / Block
- About this profile

# HighlightsHighlights

- Highlights

# AboutAbout

- About
- As a seasoned Python developer with over a year of experience, I have a proven track record of developing efficient and reliable web applications using Python and Django framework. I have expertise in working with machine learning algorithms and integrating them into the web development process to deliver  solutions.My skills and experience in python language and django  framework. I have worked in multiple python web developing process, combination of machine learning algorithms. I have hand's on experience in developing web application in python and we'll versed knowledge in django framework.And also have experience working in front-end languages like HTML and CSS, coupled with my experience in handling data in MySQL and ORM in Django, enable me to create user-friendly interfaces and provide seamless user experiences.In addition to my technical skills, I am a team player who communicates effectively and works  collaboratively with clients and stakeholders to ensure project success. I am committed to staying up-to-date with the latest industry trends and best practices to ensure that my work is always of the highest quality.If you're looking for a Python developer who can deliver results, I would love to discuss how I can contribute to your next project.-
- As a seasoned Python developer with over a year of experience, I have a proven track record of developing efficient and reliable web applications using Python and Django framework. I have expertise in working with machine learning algorithms and integrating them into the web development process to deliver  solutions.

My skills and experience in python language and django  framework. I have worked in multiple python web developing process, combination of machine learning algorithms. I have hand's on experience in developing web application in python and we'll versed knowledge in django framework.

And also have experience working in front-end languages like HTML and CSS, coupled with my experience in handling data in MySQL and ORM in Django, enable me to create user-friendly interfaces and provide seamless user experiences. 

In addition to my technical skills, I am a team player who communicates effectively and works  collaboratively with clients and stakeholders to ensure project success. I am committed to staying up-to-date with the latest industry trends and best practices to ensure that my work is always of the highest quality.

If you're looking for a Python developer who can deliver results, I would love to discuss how I can contribute to your next project.

-
- Top skills
- Python  • Django • Object-Relational Mapping (ORM) • MySQL • Pycharm

# ActivityActivity

- Activity
- 1,072 followers1,072 followers
- 1,072 followers
- Follow
- Posts
- Comments
- Maheshram Ramakrishnanreposted this • 1yr1yr
- Maheshram Ramakrishnanreposted this • 1yr
- 1yr
- 394
- 6 comments
- 64 reposts
- Maheshram Ramakrishnanposted this • 1yr1yr
- Maheshram Ramakrishnanposted this • 1yr
- I’m happy to share that I’ve obtained a new certification: Basics of stocks from INDmoney!
- I’m happy to share that I’ve obtained a new certification: Basics of stocks fromINDmoney!
- INDmoney
- 12
- 35
- 1 repost
- Show all posts

# ExperienceExperience

- Experience
- Surya Informatics Solutions Pvt. Ltd.,
- 2 yrs 5 mos2 yrs 5 mos
- 2 yrs 5 mos
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, IndiaChennai, Tamil Nadu, India
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
- Python | Django web developer
- Full-timeFull-time
- Full-time
- Jul 2022 - Present · 2 yrs 3 mosJul 2022 to Present · 2 yrs 3 mos
- Jul 2022 - Present · 2 yrs 3 mos
- Jul 2022 to Present · 2 yrs 3 mos
- Web Developer intern
- InternshipInternship
- Internship
- May 2022 - Jun 2022 · 2 mosMay 2022 to Jun 2022 · 2 mos
- May 2022 - Jun 2022 · 2 mos
- May 2022 to Jun 2022 · 2 mos

# EducationEducation

- Education
- University of Madras
- MSc , Cyber Forensics and information securityMSc , Cyber Forensics and information security
- MSc , Cyber Forensics and information security
- Jan 2021 - Dec 2022Jan 2021 - Dec 2022
- Jan 2021 - Dec 2022
- Hindusthan College Of Arts And Science
- Bachelor's degree, computer applicationBachelor's degree, computer application
- Bachelor's degree, computer application
- Jun 2017 - May 2020Jun 2017 - May 2020
- Jun 2017 - May 2020
- Activities and societies: NSS
- Show all 4 educations

# Licenses & certificationsLicenses & certifications

- Licenses & certifications
- Basics of stocks
- INDmoneyINDmoney
- INDmoney
- Issued Sep 2023Issued Sep 2023
- Issued Sep 2023
- Credential ID 1915520_73Credential ID 1915520_73
- Credential ID 1915520_73
- Show credential
- Basics of Mutual Funds
- Issued May 2023Issued May 2023
- Issued May 2023
- Credential ID 1915520_70Credential ID 1915520_70
- Credential ID 1915520_70
- Show all 6 licenses & certifications

# VolunteeringVolunteering

- Volunteering
- Volunteer
- National social serviceNational social service
- National social service
- Social ServicesSocial Services
- Social Services

# SkillsSkills

- Skills
- Software Development
- Python | Django web developer at Surya Informatics Solutions Pvt. Ltd.,
- Requirements Gathering
- Show all 35 skills

# LanguagesLanguages

- Languages
- English
- Full professional proficiencyFull professional proficiency
- Full professional proficiency
- Tamil
- Native or bilingual proficiencyNative or bilingual proficiency
- Native or bilingual proficiency

# InterestsInterests

- Interests
- Top Voices
- Companies
- Groups
- Newsletters
- Schools
- Ranveer Allahbadia
- · 2ndSecond degree connection
- · 2nd
- Second degree connection
- Founder at BeerBiceps Media World Pvt. Ltd. | Forbes 30 under 30Founder at BeerBiceps Media World Pvt. Ltd. | Forbes 30 under 30
- Founder at BeerBiceps Media World Pvt. Ltd. | Forbes 30 under 30
- 1,360,751 followers1,360,751 followers
- 1,360,751 followers
- Follow
- IBM
- 17,177,689 followers17,177,689 followers
- 17,177,689 followers
- Following
- Accenture
- 12,413,223 followers12,413,223 followers
- 12,413,223 followers
- Show all companies
- Python Web Developers
- 824,728 members824,728 members
- 824,728 members
- Join
- Data Structures and Algorithms
- 147,312 members147,312 members
- 147,312 members
- Show all groups
- Deep Startup Insights
- Ignite Entrepreneurship, Demystify Startups, Cultivate Grit, Embrace Disruption, Unleash Innovation, Forge Resilience...Ignite Entrepreneurship, Demystify Startups, Cultivate Grit, Embrace Disruption, Unleash Innovation, Forge Resilience...
- Ignite Entrepreneurship, Demystify Startups, Cultivate Grit, Embrace Disruption, Unleash Innovation, Forge Resilience...
- Published weeklyPublished weekly
- Published weekly
- CareerXperts Consulting
- Subscribe
- The Future. Made Real.®
- Subscribe to get an inside view of Industry insights, Technology trends, Customer & Partner stories and Life at EPAM.Subscribe to get an inside view of Industry insights, Technology trends, Customer & Partner stories and Life at EPAM.
- Subscribe to get an inside view of Industry insights, Technology trends, Customer & Partner stories and Life at EPAM.
- Published monthlyPublished monthly
- Published monthly
- EPAM Systems
- Show all newsletters
- University of Madras
- 371,141 followers371,141 followers
- 371,141 followers
- Hindusthan College Of Arts And Science
- 13,987 followers13,987 followers
- 13,987 followers

# Contact Info

- https://www.linkedin.com/in/maheshram-ramakrishnan-845a29230/overlay/contact-info/

