# Main Info

- Veerasenan S

# Veerasenan S

- (He/Him)
- 2nd degree connection2nd
- 2nd degree connection
- 2nd
- Intellecto Global Services
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
- Contact info
- 390connections
- 390
- Prasanth Senthilvel,Devipriya Mohanraj, and 15 other mutual connectionsPrasanth Senthilvel,Devipriya Mohanraj, and 15 other mutual connections
- Prasanth Senthilvel,Devipriya Mohanraj, and 15 other mutual connections
- Connect
- Message
- More
- Send profile in a message
- Save to PDF
- Follow
- Report / Block
- About this profile

# HighlightsHighlights

- Highlights

# AboutAbout

- About
- Enthusiastic and self-motivated fresher with a strong passion for Python full-stack development. Equipped with 8 months of hands- on learning, I have honed my skills in front-end and back-end technologies, eager to contribute to dynamic projects and collaborate with a growth-oriented team. A quick learner, problem solver, and dedicated individual seeking opportunities to leverage my expertise and create impactful web applications.

# ActivityActivity

- Activity
- 392 followers392 followers
- 392 followers
- Posts
- Comments
- Videos
- Documents
- Veerasenan Sposted this • 2mo2mo
- Veerasenan Sposted this • 2mo
- 2mo
- After many challenges and setbacks, I am incredibly grateful to announce that I have started my new career as a Python Developer at Intellecto Global Services!.I am deeply thankful for the opportunity to prove myself and contribute to such an esteemed company. Huge thanks to those who believed in me and provided encouragement throughout this journey. Your support means the world to me. Here's to new beginnings and exciting opportunities ahead!

#NewBeginnings #PythonDeveloper #CareerSuccess #IntellectoGlobalServices
- After many challenges and setbacks, I am incredibly grateful to announce that I have started my new career as a Python Developer atIntellecto Global Services!.I am deeply thankful for the opportunity to prove myself and contribute to such an esteemed company. Huge thanks to those who believed in me and provided encouragement throughout this journey. Your support means the world to me. Here's to new beginnings and exciting opportunities ahead!hashtag#NewBeginningshashtag#PythonDeveloperhashtag#CareerSuccesshashtag#IntellectoGlobalServices
- Intellecto Global Services
- hashtag
- #NewBeginnings
- #
- #PythonDeveloper
- #CareerSuccess
- #IntellectoGlobalServices
- …show more
- 29
- 24 comments
- Veerasenan Sposted this • 11mo11mo
- Veerasenan Sposted this • 11mo
- 11mo
- Hello Connections,
I have completed Web Development Internship at Bharat Intern. Thank you for the wonderful Opportunity.
#bharatintern #Internship #Linkedin, Completion Certificate
- Hello Connections,I have completed Web Development Internship at Bharat Intern. Thank you for the wonderful Opportunity.hashtag#bharatinternhashtag#Internshiphashtag#Linkedin
- #bharatintern
- #Internship
- #Linkedin
- Completion Certificate
- 1 page
- 7
- Hello Everyone,
Task 3-
Netflix clone homepage using HTML,CSS.
Github Link - https://lnkd.in/gAGzz3cb
Thank you for this opportunity to showcase my skills #bharatintern
- Hello Everyone,Task 3-Netflix clone homepage using HTML,CSS.Github Link -https://lnkd.in/gAGzz3cbThank you for this opportunity to showcase my skillshashtag#bharatintern
- 3
- Show all posts

# ExperienceExperience

- Experience
- Python Developer
- Intellecto Global Services · Full-timeIntellecto Global Services · Full-time
- Intellecto Global Services · Full-time
- Apr 2024 - Present · 6 mosApr 2024 to Present · 6 mos
- Apr 2024 - Present · 6 mos
- Apr 2024 to Present · 6 mos
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, IndiaChennai, Tamil Nadu, India
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
- Web Developer
- Bharat Intern · InternshipBharat Intern · Internship
- Bharat Intern · Internship
- Sep 2023 - Oct 2023 · 2 mosSep 2023 to Oct 2023 · 2 mos
- Sep 2023 - Oct 2023 · 2 mos
- Sep 2023 to Oct 2023 · 2 mos
- RemoteRemote
- Remote
- Senior Associate
- Firstsource · Full-timeFirstsource · Full-time
- Firstsource · Full-time
- Apr 2020 - Jan 2023 · 2 yrs 10 mosApr 2020 to Jan 2023 · 2 yrs 10 mos
- Apr 2020 - Jan 2023 · 2 yrs 10 mos
- Apr 2020 to Jan 2023 · 2 yrs 10 mos
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India · RemoteChennai, Tamil Nadu, India · Remote
- Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India · Remote
- My work is to verify the home owners insurance documents and need to change the mortgage clause for our clients. So we will call the agent and send them a request for new mortgage. So once we received the documents again will check and complete the loans before the closing date.
- Banking
- Radiant Cash Management Services · Full-timeRadiant Cash Management Services · Full-time
- Radiant Cash Management Services · Full-time
- Jul 2018 - Apr 2020 · 1 yr 10 mosJul 2018 to Apr 2020 · 1 yr 10 mos
- Jul 2018 - Apr 2020 · 1 yr 10 mos
- Jul 2018 to Apr 2020 · 1 yr 10 mos
- I am have been a banking executive and this process is verifying bank transaction deposit slips whether the correct pickup amount is deposited or not. For checking purpose we are using RADMUS software, Excel and MS-Word. we are following all regions before one day of transaction. If any details is missing we will contact through call or Email to the particular regional head. Once Everything verified properly we will close the transaction before end of the day.

# EducationEducation

- Education
- Anna University Chennai
- Bachelor's degree, Electronics and Communications EngineeringBachelor's degree, Electronics and Communications Engineering
- Bachelor's degree, Electronics and Communications Engineering
- Aug 2013 - Apr 2017Aug 2013 - Apr 2017
- Aug 2013 - Apr 2017
- Grade: 6.3
- Minerva Higher Secondary School
- Biology, GeneralBiology, General
- Biology, General

# SkillsSkills

- Skills
- PostgreSQL
- Python Developer at Intellecto Global Services
- SQL
- Show all 8 skills

# InterestsInterests

- Interests
- Companies
- Groups
- Newsletters
- Schools
- Wipro
- 9,776,237 followers9,776,237 followers
- 9,776,237 followers
- Follow
- Tata Consultancy Services
- 15,946,666 followers15,946,666 followers
- 15,946,666 followers
- Following
- Show all companies
- Python Developers Group for enthusiasts
- 109,221 members109,221 members
- 109,221 members
- Join
- Cyber Security Spotlight
- The latest cybersecurity insights: What you need to knowThe latest cybersecurity insights: What you need to know
- The latest cybersecurity insights: What you need to know
- Published monthlyPublished monthly
- Published monthly
- CBTS
- Subscribe
- Anna University Chennai
- 766,844 followers766,844 followers
- 766,844 followers

# Contact Info

- https://www.linkedin.com/in/veerasenan-s-919400239/overlay/contact-info/

